---
title: Fantasy
date: 2025-12-07T23:00:00.000Z
stack: content/stack/Writing.md
images:
  - image: /uploads/IMG_20140709_223806.jpg
    title: burnt
---

I finally found the Village of Fowl Devotees, made my way all the way there. I even took a special potion, one that makes it so you can see such places. So you can see dreams and imagination overlaying real life. I am staggering around the Fowl Fountain, looking in through the windows, but there is no one here. I found the Lucky Smells Lumbermill, the Grand Hotel, the Library with a pond outside in which a harpoon was sunk. I found the Magic Treehouse. I found the dungeons of a castle in a kingdom in which soup was outlawed. I found the attic where books about fairies and sprites and gremlins were hidden. I sat on the floor and read them all. I found the small room under the roof of the train station, with one wall a giant clock face and in the center of the room, an automaton in need of repair. I am walking around in awe of what I see, jaw agape, eyes shining and slightly glazed over. But every place is empty. It makes me wonder if it was sets, like from a film, all along. But does that make these places any less real? I sit on the ground, in the most ideal of surroundings, dizzy and melting from the effects of downing potions. It was all supposed to be absolved, be worth it, once I arrived. I was meant to meet the others, go on adventures together, help move the plot of the story along. But what am I to do all alone? I walk to the edge of the Village of Fowl Devotees, to the point where all houses disappear from view and it becomes a forest. There is a shimmering gray mist, the edge of the world. I shiver and pass through it, and below, a catwalk. It was a set, it seems. A setup. I jump from the catwalk onto the stage below, and behold-- for the audience to see, my body with limbs twisted and mangled, blood slowly seeping from my head. Everyone applauds as I lose consciousness. They cut into themselves in order to fully immerse themselves in the scene. Screaming cries of anguish and they love it. Lap the literal blood up with their tongues from their arms. A 4D experience. And I am the vessel, the star of the show. 
