---
title: 'Four (18+ self harm, gore)'
date: 2025-06-28T07:00:00.000Z
stack: content/stack/DigiCollage.md
images:
  - image: /uploads/dbtngthms.jpg
---

"we are all fractions of God"

Aggrepina slowly brought her hand to her side. Reaching across her body she felt her ribs and counted downward until she reached the 6th. She used her fingers to palpate either side of the rib, making out its boundaries, then traced it from her side all the way around to the front, where it curved upward slightly, almost like it was draped, pinned up only in the front and back. She picked up a large shard of broken amber glass using her left hand, leaving the right to hold its position. A bit awkwardly, Aggrepina held her right hand steady and brought the glass to her side. She held the glass carefully with the pads of her thumb and forefinger pressing against each other through the smooth middle section of the shard. She set its tip to her skin, right between her first and second finger which were placed to mark the rib. She stared down at her hands, and she pressed in with the glass. Skin was deceptively thick, though. She pressed until the tip of the shard had a hold, then, looking away and using only her fingers as a guide, she drew the shard across the front of her abdomen in a single decisive motion. The fleshy bumper of her right hand stopped her going to far. She was pleased, or she was making progress at least. This resolve helped carry her through the clamminess she felt. She reset her right hand with the first and middle fingers now making two lines on either side of the gash but still feeling the rib underneath. She set the tip of the amber glass to her skin again, feeling the sting and rawness of placing it into the start of an opening that had already been made. She drew the glass down the cut, using her right hand to keep it on track. Again and again Aggrepina drew the shard of glass across her side, cutting away layer after layer, until it was no longer skin. And once she realized she had made it that far, she dropped her hands. Her left hand let go of the shard, which was slick with blood and bits of adipose and the clear fluids that leaked out from open tissue. Her right hand fell into her lap, its first and middle finger no longer bordering the cut which now hung slightly open from the weight of the skin that no longer supported itself by attachment to the body. It did not drape down her front, like the rib did across her side, but rather protruded only slightly and only due to the thickness of the skin itself which had now been exposed and sought to expand after a lifetime of compression inside the body. The deepest protruding layer visibly throbbed as her capillaries supplied it with blood, something that was happening constantly inside of her but which she never actually got to see. She heaved, and when she did she felt some of the pressure escape through the cut rather than her mouth. Her fluids leaked. She allowed herself to lay back, feeling the cool and rough stucco of the wall behind her. Her legs which had been crossed and layed to the side in a pile she now needed to use, and she drew her heels up to her bottom, then pushed herself backward so that she could sit more securely in the corner. Her head now able to lay back, supported to the left and right by the stone corner. How lovely the cold and intact stone felt against her sticky, sweating, open body. She swallowed the spit that was accumulating in her mouth, meant by some biological feedback mechanism to protect her esophagus. She was not going to vomit, however, and so she let spill over her bottom lip and down her chin. She breathed heavily, choking slightly on the spit she wasn't taking care to swallow. She coughed to clear her throat. The pressure from the cough made her wound throb again, and more fluids seeped out, her entire left side now slick with fluids. She wiped her mouth with the back of her forearm, and before giving herself the chance to reconsider, plunged the first two fingers of her right hand into the wound on her side. She didn't think about how it felt, that wasn't the point, she moved her hand farther into the gash, slipping her middle and ring fingers in now too, then finally her pinky as well, then the knuckles of her hand passed through the swollen opening, and she moaned. Her body was no longer open and gaping, her hand restored the balance of pressure, she felt as if consciousness was flowing back into her and at the same time realized she never noticed losing it. It felt sweet and full and right. She drove her hand deeper, the protruding knuckle of her thumb finally sliding in, too, with a bit of a pop. Her whole hand inside herself now, she began to search, taking advantage of the clarity this self-fulfillment brought her. She felt along her liver then around the back to her kidneys (just out of curiosity). She needed to get to the point, though, she was taking too much pleasure in this. She moved back around to the front and down into her abdomen, and that is where she found it. Nestled in the outside pocket of an ileal fold, exactly what she was looking for. She touched its smooth slippery surface with her pointer finger, then inched her hand forward slightly, carefully, to hook the tip of her first two fingers around the marble. Feeling it secure between her fingers, she slowly drew her hand out. She moaned again, forgetting the pain of being open would slowly return as she removed her hand from her body. It was over, though. She had it. Agreppina was exhausted. She could barely keep her eyes open and she stared at her fingers, willing them to move and place the marble safely in her pocket, in her mouth, somewhere safe, but she couldn't move. She had nothing left. She stared at the marble, wet sitting in her right hand which lay on the ground. She had been carrying it for so long inside of her, but she wasn't lucid enough to notice feeling any differently now that it had been extracted. Then her head dropped down to the side coming to rest on her own right shoulder and back against the cool stone corner in which she still lay. She closed her eyes, but even still she could see the negative of the marble in her hand against the back of her eyelids and she felt the raw emptiness of the wound under her rib.
