---
title: Living Here
date: 2025-11-29T23:00:00.000Z
stack: content/stack/Writing.md
images:
  - image: /uploads/IMG_20251119_051045463.jpg
    title: 3ambed
---

I’ve gone through my grandma’s old clothes at least three times entirely, trying to find pieces to keep and wear myself. Once, I used a polo shirt-style dress of hers as a towel for my hair, which I realized was still wet after I had come upstairs and already hung my proper towel to dry in the bathroom on the ground floor. Just the other night, I was out of clean pajama pants and so I wore a pair of her old sweats, even though they fit oddly and were made of a fabric I didn’t especially care for. Most of her blouses and elastic-band pants are just still hanging in the closet (but at least are all combined into one closet, for the most part, now). Her bras and underwear are still in their drawer in the downstairs bathroom and my grandpa has offered them to me multiple times despite me telling him I don’t wear bras, and that my ass is too small for her undergarments. 




I lost my phone last week and tried to use my dad’s old iPhone as a replacement, but nobody knows the password to his Apple account and so you can’t download any new apps. And all the man had was youtube and whatsapp. He had even deleted the pre-downloaded notes app that came with the phone, it seems. My uncle doesn’t want me to clear the data from the phone. Maybe because nobody has gone through it entirely yet. I was out of town visiting my girlfriend with the new phone and tried to send my grandpa a message that all was well, and that we had rain. But there was no way to send a new SMS without it pulling up the old chat history between him and my dad. The same went for messages to my uncle. I couldn’t help but scroll back a bit in those chat histories, just a few messages worth. But it only made me feel worse. Apparently one of his passwords saved in the phone was my sister and my name. 




Now I’m cutting up two pairs of pants that used to belong to my grandma so that I can make a stuffed cat. One of those weighted stuffed animals you can also heat up in the microwave. The fabric of the pants is perfect, really neatly patterned and such an interesting shade of brown. The other pair of pants is plain denim, which I’d use for lining. I only realized after I started cutting that I vividly remember her wearing that exact pair often. As I hand-sew the stuffed cat a cloud of scent builds that smells just like her. That kind of thing is usually an accumulation of the laundry detergent one chooses and the smell of their house, but even though I use the same laundry detergent now, and live in the same house, I hadn’t smelled that smell anywhere but on her clothes. 




For a while I was enamored with my dad’s massive collection of CDs and vinyls that got left behind. Mostly 80s and 90s techno and dance music. I would wait for it to be an acceptable time to play music through the turntable’s speakers (since our neighbors’ wall is joined to ours), and listen to Centriola by Martinelli on loop while I got dressed for the day. During this time I was incredibly lonely. And feeling like my dad and I had something in common (our taste in music) made me sad. It was a shame I never got to share that with him as an adult. I remember a time when I was around six or seven years old and I was driving with him in his old sedan to a soccer practice in Kansas City. Techno came on the radio and he showed me how to “Deejay” by cranking the volume knob round and round in either direction. In that same sedan, while waiting for him to finish coaching a soccer practice, I used a blue crayon that was melting in the summer heat to draw “OL”, for Olympique Lyonnais, on the back of the center rear seat. He wasn’t even very upset when I proudly showed him the decoration I was so proud of. 




My desk is covered in the possessions I’ve been slowly accumulating since the move. Things that are actually mine rather than things that just happen to be in the room– empty coffee cans with colored pencils, a print of my girlfriend’s art, my jars of glue sticks and yarn scraps, completed notebooks. The desk itself, though, used to be our family’s dining room table. Our family as in my mom, my dad, and I, before we moved to the United States and when we lived in a small house in the mountains. Where my dad worked for a bakery as their sole hired help and where the owner invented “Tarte des Alpes”, which this whole time I thought was a well-known pastry but is apparently just something you make with leftover pate sucre and jam.




Today while I was walking up to the front gate of the house after running errands and then taking the long way home to smoke a joint, I thought about how little Chloe would feel to know that I lived here now. The first time I visited after moving to the United States I was amazed. I thought, no way this is all mine, my family, my country, my right to a croissant with hot chocolate in the morning, my old stuffed animals from when I was even littler, a bedroom all for me. When my mom and I stayed in a hotel in Paris on our way back to the United States at the end of the trip I locked myself in the bathroom and slid a note under the door that said something along the lines of “I’m not leaving, I don’t want to, I refuse”. I proudly wore my “French shoes” every day to school until they physically broke, and then my mom had them fixed for me at a cobbler’s even though I had outgrown them. I don’t remember who got rid of them, eventually, but it must’ve been while I wasn’t looking. They were black leather hi-tops with a silver metallic shine and stars on the sides. In my bedroom at home, I decorated the underside of my desk table with everything I could find that reminded me of France; cheese labels, photos, seed packets, lace. I would sit under the table and close my eyes and play the Carla Bruni CD my uncle sent me and try to get my brain to think in French again. Whenever I’d come home from visiting, I’d keep my suitcase closed for as long as possible just so I could open it again after a few days and smell the scent of my grandparents’ house. I’ve had this thought before about another place, but the fact of the matter is that it applies here too– you can go back if you want, but everyone will be gone. Not everyone is dead, some just live in different places now, and you can find them again, but nothing is the same, really. It would almost be easier if the house was empty and decaying. But everything is still here, it’s just the people who are gone. Time took everything that I cared about and I didn’t come back soon enough. And my grandpa sits in the living room downstairs seeming not all too different from the photos and furniture and clothes that have been left behind. We interact functionally. And I can’t help but be thankful for that, for what it is, it’s not nothing. But it’s not what I remember either. He used to come into my bedroom and kiss my forehead goodnight when I was younger. Now he waits for me to come downstairs to speak to me and otherwise leaves me alone. Most of the time, it feels like he’s uncertain and anxious around me, like he doesn’t know me anymore, and thinks I don’t want him to because I’m an adult or something. It’s the same way my dad used to interact with me after a few years went by without seeing each other. I might just be projecting, but it feels like guilt. 




Hanging over the foodboard of my bed is a quilt my mom worked on when she lived here, just after having me. She told me one of the ways she got out of the house and socialized was by joining knitting and quilting circles. During my first month here I got so many comments about being an American. Whether it was my accent, the fact that I drink weak coffee with milk, I snack, I eat more at dinner than at lunch, sometimes I forget my house shoes and walk around in socks, I can’t drive manual. I hated it. Until I eventually made a few friends, I was convinced that every aspect of my personality, including how I dressed, screamed American, and that it was glaring. And I don’t like attention. It made me anxious to leave the house or talk to anyone. And having my grandpa introduce me as “the American” to everyone in town didn’t help. I talked to my mom on the phone about this, hoping her experience as an American here 27 years ago might be of help. But she told me she always wanted to be a bit American. More American than French, even. After that conversation I figured I should just resign myself to it, which was pretty gutting.  In the United States, after finding out I’m partly French, the most common response I got from people was something like “oh yeah that makes sense”, or “oh that’s it, yeah you look French.”
