---
title: Three 18+ sex with lake
date: 2025-05-25T07:00:00.000Z
stack: content/stack/Things2Consider.md
images:
  - image: /uploads/2295368-81141133-10302023-IMGSET.webp
---

"To sit in solemn silence on a dull, dark, dock in a pestilential prison with a life long lock awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp, shock from a cheap and chippy chopper on a big, black, block."--W. S. Gilbert

Sibohan was aproching the edge of a dock. The weather was cool but humid and it was dusk. Bugs born at the edge of the lake in its stagnant little inlets stuck to her damp skin as they ran into her. But no fear, for hundreds more continued to fly around and hundreds more would be born tomorrow. Siboahn was pissed off, and she had been claustrophobic indoors. She was already agitated, and the outside feeling no better she was really becoming upset.  She stalked through the calf-high grass, blades tearing away against her shins as she cut through the lawn without regard for the trampled path she was leaving behind her. Her sandal caught on a clump of grass but she could care less about keeping her shoes, she stepped out of them as she walked leaving them hanging atop the tall stake-like tufts of grass which she left untrampled in her wake, stepping over them and continuing on. She now felt the hard pebbly dirt beneath her feet through the grass and the force of her heel hitting the ground with each step made it feel like she was moving more intensely as she kept along. The grass thinned out and became all pebbles, she ran through them, leaving behind satisfying little heel prints with a crunch crunch crunch and yes! She was almost there! Her feet met the dock and immediately her legs slid out sideways, like a land animal without traction, its surface was wet and slimy. She pulled herself upright and together though, and continued on half sliding half running forward, the dock's wet slimy surface slimy on her bare feet, then she stumbled twofold. Her face was pressed against the dock's biofilm, all of the air was knocked out of her and she made a choking sound but she had no reason to give up she was almost there and she could still move. She brought herself to her elbows and knees and splayed her fingers and toes. Her body was sobbing, or contracting, trying to balance itself physically while her mental drive conflicted with the reality that she was unfit to go on. It was a bit like a fish gasping for air, but her state was barely even recognizable as distress; it more closely resembled mania, for her face was slimy now threefold with tears and snot and dock slime and there were bugs stuck all over her. Drool came out from the corners of her mouth, and her mouth hung open with her teeth exposed. She had clearly lost all respect for her appearance. Tears collected under her chin and swung back and forth in a giant droplet that failed to fall while her muscles spasmed. She scrambled to her feet eventually though, and as if she were being chased, she scrambled on. She swong an imaginary blade at the bugs, battling her way through wave after wave as the struggle lay her footing out before her like a frightful dance down the dock. But then, her heel hitting the knot of a board as she danced backward, she fell. The knock of her skull against the sound wooden dock she felt as a hard echoey thunderclap that sent lightning into her fingers. She was likely concussed with the force. She was unstoppable, though. She needed to get out with such desperation. Her mouth hung open and sounds came from her body and it looked as if she were dead, but still dragging herself along. Her limbs moved in unnatural ways, her arms bending too far back at the shoulder and her knees coming desperately high up as her she climbed horizontally. The dock pulled her silk chiffon slip down her body as she pulled herself forward down the dock. The slime caught on the stiff lace trip of the slip's neckline which now formed a gutter for slime along her sternum and piled up against her bony chest and smashed it its wet mucousy thickness against her ribs as she slid forward. Her knees brought the slip up then the dragging brought it back down. Everything was slick and she lost her grip on four boards, but one underestimates the power of pure mental need and Sibohan thrust her right hand forward with such force this time that her fingers, upon landing, bore straight into the wood itself, gripping the board as if it were clay. She used this firm hold to push herself one last time, swinging her body around in a desperate flail across the frictionless dock in. She was an undiscernible star of limbs then, as she hurled herself off the dock's edge and into the lake. 

She heard her body enter it, and it was cold. Finally. Sibohan sunk slowly in a stream of bubbles. There was no sound and she had very few thoughts then. Water moved up past her and pushed upward below her, as if she were thrust across the surface tension barrier and into the body of water itself. It closed around her and re-established itself. The pressure all around her was intense. It was clear she did not belong here, she was not part of this body, but the lake chose not to reject her and drown her but rather to show her the pleasures of being within a body of water. She reached her left hand into her underwear and drove the heel of her hand across herself. She contracted in the water, as if she were seizing, but the force of the water around her slowed her movements as she gradually gave into stillness. It was only then that she was able to see, and just in time, ahead a current drove in from across the lake, she saw it speeding toward her, an edge she could barely make out but for the speed at which it moved compared to the rest of the water. A surging stream of pressure which picked her up from underneath and carried her across the lake with such velocity that she felt suddenly heavy. The water felt thick like honey, and she was sinking pleasurably as it pressed up against every part of her body. Her armpits, her stomach, the small of her back and the base of her neck, the top of her shoulders and the underside of her chin. The honey water lifted her face upward to the sky and big bubbles escaped one by one out of her mouth. glug. glug. as if the lake were both filling her and taking her in at the same time. The bubbles shined as they floated upward and even in the night everything shone. She knew that because the the water refracted the light in this way she looked heavenly and beautiful in it. She felt tendrils of fast moving water rush by her legs, cooler than the rest of the water surrounding her. She hadn't realized it had become so warm again and her only thought became those cool ribbons of water she felt. Just then, in its wind-like current, a ribbon caught her toe and wrapped itself around her foot. Another caught her ankle and both her legs were bound by the cool currents. As she floated tethered in the water there, like a Beauxbaton waiting to be saved, nothing moved. An eternity passed, the moon rose and then the sun rose and the water reflected constant light the algae populations boomed and all was tinted green followed by the clear shiny water again for a time then cloudy light green again over and over fish swam by and examined her curiously, their scales and their eyes both glinting at once. She looked into the fish's eyes. Its long silver nose very close to her nose and she thought its eyes must be oddly close together for a fish since she was looking at it and it was looking at her. The fish blinked its eyes and as Sibohan realized the pleasurable darkness of having her own eyes closed too she sank again. Everything was dark and cool and sweet like the memory of a dark fruit. This purple-red darkness gradually faded to black, though, then gray, then, in the far off distance, Sibohan realized storm clouds were looming. Their electricity and the pressure of the storm front gained on her, and she soon began to hear thunder. The rumbling came closer and she heard more and more of its notes which became sharper and sharper, when, then, from above the storm itself, a God with a shining white crown and trident called down a bolt of lightning which seared its way through the water and passed right between her thighs. Everything was searing white and she felt as if she were ascending to heaven with her crotch and her heart shining especially brightly pulling her upward. She ascended infinitely glowing brighter and brighter as she rose, charged with so much electricity from the Gods and conducted by the Lake that it surged outward from her body in yellow-white beams. She was blinding the fish of the deep with both her beauty and her light which they had never before seen. She rose and rose until she came to rest comfortably on the floor of the lakebed and her light slowly receded into her and the brownness of the sandy mud enveloped her. Her landing had disturbed the grit of the lakebed which now floated upward in dusty clouds, carried back and forth by the water across her body as it settled again, coming to rest on top of her. Some in her navel, some on her chest, some in the pit where the leg meets the crotch, a pebble-sized piece of sea glass on her cheek just below her eye, more and more gravel around her crotch and up along the sides of her waist, a microscopic crab crawled up toward her ear, her fingers were completely buried down to the finer sand layer of the lakebed and she felt the mud begin to firm in her hair as it caked itself together. The lakebed thoughtfully covered her in itself, dressed her up as itself and camouflaged her in situ, layed her thoughtfully and secured her in place. And she felt the world begin to move with her bound to it, the tides building and receding slowly on top of her. The lake breathed for her, moving her chest up and down as the moon moved the tides up and down within the lake and on top of her. The current swept a tall patch of seaweed over her, between her legs and up to her ribs, the thinner tips of the flat seaweed stalks flapping at the edge of the current and the thicker bases of the stalks pressed firmly against her body which lay heavily in their way as the current forced them over her. The tides ebbed and flowed and ebbed and flowed and ebbed and flowed and ebbed and flowed and ebbed and flowed and she began to feel as if she was the tide too as well as the lake bed and the water ebbed and flowed through her and the entire weight of her body sank with the next ebb so much so that her stomach plunged through her deep into the mud pulling her down, but her head and her pelvis stayed firmly rooted in the lakebed and the insistence of the ebb in her lower stomach pulled down against the inside of her pubic bone and her throat felt as if it were closing as the full force of the tide gripped her neck. And the water flooded in through her mouth filling every space that had once been air and rushing forward through her gaping lips in a never ending powerful tendril of current as the ebb from the tide forced all of the water out of the lake and into her body and she felt swollen to the point of explosion yet she expanded infinitely taking in the entirety of the lake driven into her by the moon. But all of that lasted only an instant. And now the flow. And with just as much force as she felt the ebb she now felt complete and supreme pleasure as the entire contents of the lake rushed out of her, its waters white and foaming with their force, combining with a glistening stream of bubbles and the shiny off-white ribbons of slick in spinning tendrils of current as her mouth was forced open and her entire being was crushed with pleasure as the moon willed the tide to flow again through her nose and her stomach and her crotch and the very pores of her skin opened as her form gave way to an infinite gushing orb of water and her body wrapped around itself again and again, sped faster and faster by the currents and the moon until she was nothing but a spinning, gushing, fountaining, perpetual flow of water which would never stop, and would be fabled far in the future to be the source for the oceans of the world. 

Read this far? Congratulations! Check out my Wattpad for more\
[https://www.wattpad.com/user/nchantedant](https://www.wattpad.com/user/nchantedant)
