---
title: Two (18+ sexual content)
date: 2025-07-08T07:00:00.000Z
stack: content/stack/Writing.md
images:
  - image: /uploads/dngnprn.jpg
---

Chapter One

Piper awoke on the hard stone floor, her long white dress gathered up around her. As she slowly rose her head, her dark hair fell away from her face and started an avalanche of fine dust. Piles of dust had accumulated on the backs of her shoulders as she slept, and continued to settle in the air now like a morning dew. As she blinked fine piles fell from her eyelids. 

She moved absentmindedly to rub the sleep from her eyes, raising her right hand gently in a lose fist when abruptly it was yanked back. Piper's hand stopped rib-high and pulled firmly against the leather belted restraint. The dull clatter of a heavy chain shifting slightly echoed across the room. She didn't even bother to look down at her red, bruised hand, which was still pulling against its restraints, helplessly trying to complete the motion. She continued to stare off into the distance listlessly. A rat scampered by somewhere above, knocking a pebble through the ceiling along with more dust which poured into the room in a fine stream. The dust dispersed in the air forming fresh clouds; the rock fell, too and struck the ground sharply at the same time. The image of thunderstorms played in her head. 

Piper's hand dropped to her lap, unbeknownst to her, causing the dunes of sand in her dress to reorder themselves, slightly more dust now coming to rest in one fold than before. Her dress was full and made of layer after layer of thin draping fabric, starched with dust. Each swath reaching down to the ground in a deep swoop then came back up, fastened at her waist in a heavy skirt. Her boddice kept the same draped style, with two elegant swans neck swoops across her chest and over either shoulder. The sleeves of her dress were long and white and had full, deeply pleated shoulders.  The fabric faded to lace as it continued down her arms and tapered stiffly at the wrists. Her cufflinks, however, were long gone, and so the cuffs hung loosely open, accommodating the thick leather bracelets that hung over her hands. Her cold pale hands complemented the costume beautifully, extending the lines of the dress to the tips of her fingertips. She was perfect, like a porcelain doll, save for the raw redness painted on her skin around the leather cuffs, and the thin red cuts on her palms.

She turned her neck to look sideways over her shoulder, toward the western hall. Two halls entered the room in which she sat, one from the east and one from the west. But in the permanent, all-encompassing dim of the dungeon, she only just made out their arched stone doorways from across the room. Her head, burdensome, rested sideways on her own shoulder and she squeezed her eyelids together as tightly as she could then released them. She knew her eyes were badly damaged now, from the prolonged darkness and from the constant scraping of the dust beneath her eyelids. She hoped to clear her mind more than her eyes, in this case, but she felt heavy and tired. In a manual motion she squinted and raised and lowered her eyebrows, for the sake of her sight. She altered the light and shadow to make out the start of the hall in the dusty air. The walls were made of large brown slabs, smooth underneath the layer of grime that covered stone after stone, all the way down, like a second layer of grout. Its southern facing wall was marked at regular intervals by the stone-filled egresses of old windows, but they were solidly paved over. The tall curved ceiling, bare of any lights, continued at its height as far as she had ever been, but she had no idea what lay on the other side of the hall. And the eastern hallway to her right she knew was much the same. She lolled her head over to the other side now, rolling her neck and letting her head rest on her right shoulder with a cheek pressed against the cloud of dry fabric. Moving only her eyes she looked out from under her brow to see her position gave her only the slightest view in that direction today. She completed the circle rolling her neck, letting her chin rest down on her own chest, when just then, footsteps began to ring out in the dusty air at the entrance to the eastern hall.

Piper's heart quickened and her chest tightened. She rose her eyes and then her chin to fully look toward the entryway, leaning forward with her chest and leaving her chained arms behind her, coming to her knees in every effort to see who would enter the room. All the fine still waves of her dress and the dust they held were disrupted, and the fabric came to be pinned beneath around her in a tight knot as she strained forward raising up on her knees. The indistinct sound of chains clattered behind her for only a second, then the sound of sharp footsteps echoed into the room and little metalic clips came closer to Piper, crossing the dusty stone floor. She let her shoulders pull back against her bound wrists as much as she could bear and she stretched her neck forward narrowing her eyes to slits and straining the muscles of her cheeks and forehead when just then, from behind, two single metallic clips sounded distinctly and came to rest very close to her and everything was silent even the rats. But just as she turned to look behind her, the blunt force of a solidly clenched hand collided with her cheek bone. Small metal points drove into her skin and were quickly pulled out before even having the chance to draw blood. Not anticipating the blow, Piper bit down on her tongue and the taste of pennies filled her mouth as she drew her tongue back from her teeth. Unprotesting, she lay her head against her chest and let her mouth fill with the blood appreciating its warmth and thinking of nothing but how it felt to slowly fill up from the small holes in her tongue.

"Good morning my dear--" a voice said with a sneer, and Piper's legs shook beneath her.

To her left she heard the dragging of a wooden stool against the stone ground accompanying the tapping sounds of the Jester's shoes as he walked slowly. The stool came to rest on all fours with a knock, and as the dust settled to the ground Piper slowly made out the shape of the Jester against the dark brown muddy background of the room. He was perched on the stool, which he kept in the far corner of the room beyond the reach of her chains. He wore a dull uniform of red and black, with either color being used for the opposite arm and leg. His white frilled collar was stained and had lost its sturdiness and shape, but the bulk of its lace ruffle held it off his shoulders to frame his face. With one leg hanging over the other, a foot dangling off the knee, she saw his black leather dance shoes clearly. They were pristine and their textured surface shone even though he came every day to this dim and dusty room. The thick metal plate on the toe of his shoe glinted as he wagged his foot back and forth. He dug a knife casually into an apple as he looked at Piper with an amused, sideways grin. Waiting to see if she would move on her own, hoping to catch her in the rare act, he stared with anticipation at the pile she formed on the floor. 

But time had no meaning to Piper and the Jester soon grew annoyed as she refused move, even so much as to open her mouth and let the blood pour out. Impatiently, he brought both feet to the ground with a loud tap, set his apple on the stool behind him, and walked angrily over to her with a huff. His long legs carried him swiftly and he moved to grab Piper strongly by the shoulders, picking her up off the ground so far that her dress hung below her. He squeezed her tightly, his chipped and dirty nails digging into her skin through the fabric, then in a single swift motion sat her hardly back on the ground. He squatted down in front of her, now, and his putrid breath stinking of rotting fruit.
"You know better than all of this, you stupid girl", he sneered, then reaching under her dress, he groped for an ankle and one by one pulled Piper's legs out to lay straight in front of her. He brought either hand to her cheek, holding her tired head in his leather gloves, then brought her to face his. Looking into her gray, glassy eyes he smiled at her, showing his rotting teeth. 

Abidingly, Piper held her body still the way the Jester had placed her. She watched as he sauntered back to his seat swinging his hips, and resumed jovially eating his apple. He made two slashes down the sides of the apple, then drew back his knife. He looked up at Piper from under his brow. Noticing her noticing him, he grinned and drove the blade into the apple, pulling out his slice. Amused, he smiled and ate in small bites. Then again, a slash down the side of the apple, look up at Piper, wait, watch, stab, watch, pull out slice. Discovering this he was growing more and more excited each time he removed the knife, looked up at Piper, then stabbed the blade back into the apple. His eyes were becoming wide and crazed, and determined, he continued on slicing more maniacally, his chewing becoming gnashing, and small bits of apple flew from his mouth. He carved away slice after slice, until he looked down to realize nothing but a slashed-up core was left in his hand. He let his smile drop. 
"You win"
Then the Jester let his knife fall to the floor too, and for a minute his energy was gone.

But like a light switch flipping, the Jester then cocked his head, reopened his eyes, and grinned a grin of renewed wideness. He brought the balls of his feet to the edge of the stool, and gripping it in his fingertips too, he began to rock the stool back and forth--

"Today it is my pleasure to inform you--" he began, then flinging his head backwards, "HA!",

 "--that another girl has taken your place. Is that not marvelous!!"

Piper stared back at him blankly.

But the Jester, undeterred, went on, "You misanthropic doll, you silly girl, my desultory vision!"
He began rocking the stool in wide building motions, "the King praised my performance today in front of the high court of Ausler! My newest ballad on the sensual nature of the tap dance, from castration to the cellar, was revered! Never in my years have I seen the King chortle so deeply, tears flowed from his weak eyes like diamonds!"
He jumped down from the stool, arms outstretched like a pigeon taking flight, "Diamonds my dear!!", then lunging and spinning about as if he were still in the King's court, the Jester relived his dramaturgy through tap and sweat shone on his brow like stagelights. "Diamonds my doll!!"

Then tapering his dance into a spin,
"But you, my muse, my doll, you are the core of it all! Our games bring me joy and inspiration like nothing I have experienced before! There is no other doll like you and no other Jester like me and a show like ours, with you here in the cellar and me before the King, will be divine!"

His spin wound into a descending crouch in front of Piper, and he held her face in his leather-gloved hands again, "You are my most prized possession, my dear"
And his fermenting breath clouded her head and dulled the blow he landed to her eye socket before standing to walk away. 

He picked the stool up off the ground and righted it, then turned to look at Piper once again. And Piper looked onward toward him, unmoving, waiting for him to go on. Her head fell over to one side, her neck too weak to support it for the length of his procession.

"Hah," the Jester said, spitting on the dirty floor beside his feet. "Typical, never thankful are we. One day I'll run out of favors, and that means you'll run out of favors, you understand?"

Piper blinked vacantly. The Jester sighed and began pacing, "you just don't get it, I'm looking out for you see. Just because you think you'd survive out there, especially now, ha! That only proves you don't know a thing. To be honest, though, you're so pathetic I'm surprised I'm the first person to try and help you out. Huh. Guess everyone else overlooked you. Aren't I the clever one!"

And the Jester's pacing became a skippy stroll then a slow little dance in a circle around the perimeter of the room, around Piper in her starched solid costume, a heap, and he let out the occasional yelp as he kicked his legs and skipped about. He hopped from one foot to the next leading an imaginary train around her skirt, picking up speed, and singing

"Aren't I clever! Aren't I clever!"

and he touted his knife like an imaginary scepter.

Piper lay herself down upon her dress, crossing her arms as a pillow and folding forward over her knees. Everything stung to touch, especially her hands, but she let her hair fall over her face letting dust out into her eyes and nose, and she listened to the Jester sing until his energy slowly ran out looping around her time and time again. Piper almost thought she had fallen asleep when all of a sudden, a gloved hand grabbed her thin bicep. She tried to sit up but she was held firmly in place by his hand. The Jester, crouched beside her, jerked her forcefully toward the floor, pinning her down. He pressed her elbow into the hard stone ground and breathed out a cloud of fruit into her face. "You ready girl?"

Then swiftly, with his right hand, he stabbed a needle through the sleeve of her dress into her shoulder muscle. 

He held her there, staring into her face as she blinked, trying to clear the thick smell of bad wine and not fully realizing her fate. But slowly he watched her jaw relax, then her shoulders, and her eyes stopped blinking and lost their purpose. He moved a hand to the underside of her neck and supported the weight of her head for a minute, enjoying the feeling of being fully responsible for her body. Then letting her head drop to the floor with a solid crack that made Piper see stars, he slowly began to bounce up and down in excitement. He bounced and bounced, not letting go of her bicep and picking Piper up and then letting her knock into the ground again each time with him as she hung from his gloved hand.
He couldn't help but tap his heels back and forth against the stone ground, giddy, feeling his grip around her arm and the hub of the syringe firmly seated against her skin, needle plunged properly into the muscle, holding him there. What a game! His silly dance unsteadied him, though, and he fell backward onto his tailbone bringing Piper's body along with him. Laying together there in a heap, the Jester laughed and sung on, 

 "Aren't I clever! Aren't I clever!"

and shaking his head side to side, the baubles of his dirty hat swinging along. He sang as he slowly depressed the plunger of the syringe against Piper's arm. Then, letting her body fall, he brought his legs up to stand, the soles of his feet coming into contact with the ground in four semi-synchronous clicks. He slowly came to stand, hands on his knees, then stretched his arms up to the sky above him, dropping the empty syringe as he did so. "Arghhahhh!" he said with relief and a stretch. And then wiggled his arms back and forth and spun himself left and right at the waist as if he was relieving all of the tension of a good night's sleep. He folded forward to touch his toes and bounced there a few times, admiring his own shoes. He felt his own mouth water at their sight. He gathered up the edge of his sleeve to brush away the dust that had accumulated on one of their toes. Letting his spit drip down onto the top of the shoes, he drooled for a moment on them before sucking the thick drop that hung down back into his mouth, smacking his lips, and cocking his head thoughtfully as he shined their perfect leather surface. For a minute until he could almost make out his own reflection in them. He grinned and laughed softly to himself, then, beside him, the girl he had forgotten all about for a moment stirred slightly. Without moving his head, he rotated his eyes to look to his right where the layers and layers of fabric over Piper's legs rustled as she squirmed.

Chapter Two

Piper felt a hum through her body, and she was finally producing spit again which moistened the dust that lived in her mouth. She felt herself break out in a cold sweat that moistened the dust on her skin, too. Everything was moving much more easily now, her limbs and her fingers and her head and neck, at least. Part of her was more relaxed. But everything surged with a coursing feeling, too, and without willing herself to she was squirming about, pulling the boddice of her dress up away from her stomach and the fabric of her skirts away from her legs. The once stagnant air of the dungeon now felt cool against her exposed skin. And the dust that was once sandpapery and snuck into every corner now little by little became muddy and wet and lubricating. She cough-choked on the muddy spit as she subconciously tried to swallow it. She pressed herself into the ground, willing to feel its cold hardness through the layers of fabric that made up her dress. It was as she did this, however, that she realized the reason she felt this way.  The Jester had given her something. "In Jest", as he said once before, to make her need, with every neuron in her body, to touch herself. To press the bone of her pelvis so hardly into something it shatters. To be so tightly engulfed within something else that her entire spirit is sucked away. To thrust into something and out of the world. She was already so incredibly turned on, and it would only get worse with time. Filling with dread from the waist up she doubled back over and shook, letting herself sob. She coughed and spat between heaves, letting the mud from her mouth run back onto the dress below. 

But every movement sent out vibrating, tingling lines across her body. As her heartbeat grew stronger and faster in panic it felt like the hot red and soft core of the earth was contained inside her and was beating back and forth to move the rest of her body back and forth constantly with it. She throbbed gently, all over, but she shook too. She was filled with a frantic fear because she was already so so horny and she didn't know what she was going to do. And just as she had this thought, she heard his monosyllabic laugh with its emphatic and elongated "Hhhhhaa" right beside her ear.

The Jester squatted down to Piper's left with a \*tap\* \*taptap\* and brought his mouth to her ear, grinning, his foul breath making her gag and close her lips tightly, looking away. He acted preemptively, though, and grabbed the back of her neck with his gloved hand, like a kitten, and pulled her back toward him. This made Piper moan impulsively, and press forward with her crotch into the empty fabric folds. Dread filled her with a cold sinking feeling from the waist up while a wave of warm pressure flooded downward from her stomach. His dirty polished nails reached all the way around her neck and pulled her across the floor, her dress trailing behind her. Piper reached up to grasp at her throat, but the Jester pulled upward on her neck as she did so, moving her out of arms reach. She felt her head swell with blood and fullness from his tight grip. Recovering his balance and throwing his head back smiling with every rotting tooth the Jester renewed his hold on her neck and walked on, flinging the end of her chains with their heavy hook over his shoulder. Piper let out an airless moan as he set off again. One of the metal points of the knuckles tucked itself under her chin, tracing a new sharp line down her jaw before the weight of her body forced it inward. She breathed in slowly through her nose and tried to hold it but there was nothing. All of the blood that was not in her head flooded straight to her crotch and the less she could breathe the more she throbbed with need. She rolled her body side to side as they moved swiftly down the hallway, desperate to loosen the hold on her neck but meanwhile trying to rotate her body so that the moving floor might at least give her some pleasure. But each time she did this he pulled upward on her neck, looking down at her grinning with pleasure himself. He finally came to a stop midway through the eastern hallway, where the echo of the hall was at its maximum by the sound of the tapping of his shoes. He threw her proudly against the wall, and as she flew she filled with what now felt like fresh air, her throat and lungs expanding fully. It went to her head, making her woozy with oxygen, and she enjoyed the darkening of her vision as she closed her eyes.

Then Piper's head hit the wall hard, a solid strike to her temple, before the force of her chains being held tightly in the hand of the Jester brought her back to the ground bouncing the back of her skull against the ground in a crack. She saw stars through the cloud of dust that encircled her laying there. The same dust burned her throat as her breathing became labored, her face pressed against the frictionless sandy ground. She thought of nothing for a split second except the expansion of her lungs. But then the newly oxygenated blood she made rushed downward in her and she moaned, properly, letting out a full breath's worth of air. The long swath of fabric that was the back of her dress had fallen over top of her, darkening everything except for a sliver of light along the left side of her vision. The rest of the dress was bunched partly behind her along her back and beneath her knees, its endless folds of fabric swaddling her. She let out a long, shaky breath, crossing her extended legs at the ankles and pressing her knees into each other as she tensed all of the muscles in her lower body one by one, raising her hips up.

Her head pressing back into the ground, eyes squeezed shut, Piper focused only on the sensation of the flat part of her skull slowly moving into the stone like clay. Then suddenly, a wooden door opened and closed and footsteps entered the eastern hall. For some reason, Piper felt embarrased. Her head jerked up and she supported herself on a sore elbow, the fabric falling down from her head to lay beside her. She saw from across the room a figure of light. A woman, perhaps, with long shining golden hair. But she shone so intensely into the darkness of the dungeon that Piper had to squint and turn away after no more than a brief glance. She moved quickly backward along the ground, gathering her dress up in swooping bunches as she brought herself to sit with her back against the cold stone wall, knees up to her chest. Her feet stuck out from below the fabric but she was otherwise covered up to the shoulders, and doubly shrouded by a cloud of dust. The figure seemed to smile at her from across the narrow hall before turning her back to Piper. She tried to make out what it was doing, seeing that it was moving a bit. When she heard the sound of water start she realized the light figure was washing her hands. She readjusted her skirts around her legs and brought them down, crossed, alongside herself. She was uneasy partly because she was fairly certain a sink had never been there before, but mostly because she wanted her to leave-- she was so so horny, and now that she was alone she needed to relieve herself. She used her thigh to press against herself firmly, the motion disguised by the fabric, letting herself tilt her head back and focus on the warmth of her legs. She did this while the water of the magic sink ran and ran, moving her top thigh back and forth slowly, enjoying each downward motion. She felt lost in a daze when the water stopped, her eyes opening up suddenly. She stopped grinding and quickly adjusted her skirts again, watching the figure slyly as she tried to look as if she was minding something to her side. It shook its hands vigorously several times, facing the plain grimy stone wall, then turned to face her from across the hallway. Piper smiled at her slightly, not wanting to be rude, but she saw the light figure cock her head to one side and furrow her brow, casting a shadow across her shining face. The light figure half-smiled and mouthed something, but it all sounded like faraway thunder bouncing away down the hall in either direction. The light figure began to walk toward her, and Piper shifted her legs anxiously, then grimacing as the movement spread warmth near her crotch that went to her head. She was seeing more and more stars now and couldn't make the figure out. She only felt herself sinking into the ground through her crotch. She used a hand to move some fabric aside over her feet and looked down, hoping to disguise her complete disorientation. Tears welled in her eyes and Piper felt herself beginning to shake. She looked up again after a second only to see the light figure was only a few feet away now, its head still cocked to the side. Its mouth began to move again with bright shining lips and her ears slowly adjusted to the sound, making it out,
 "Are you okay?" 

Piper was flushed, crying, cheeks rosy from exertion, face covered in scratches, and lips dry and cracked. Her dark hair stuck to her face in clumps now, and a few drops of muddy spit hardened to the side of her cheek. A particularly bad crack on her lip oozed clean blood through the layer of dust that coated her skin, and the bruises on her neck were developing to the point that the dust could no longer hide them, either. She knew all of these things, so when the figure asked her this, she had no idea what to say. She opened her lips to say anything, but just as she did this a sudden curtain of darkness fell over her vision and she shuddered, feeling her crotch swell as she squeezed her thighs together tightly, willing herself to remain contained. Just a minute longer, not now she thought. But before she could open her eyes it came again like a stab to her core and she folded in response, protecting herself with her arms and bringing her chest down to her knees. She felt her crotch throb into her stomach lightly and she leaned to the side.

"It's okay, I think I can help you--" started the figure of light, and this brought Piper's mind back to reality for a moment, "no no no--" she started, before she broke out coughing.

"It's okay, " the figure began again, "I've seen this before I can help."

"I'm okay" Piper managed to get out, "you'd better get back to wherever you came from, I--" but before she could say more, she moaned and pressed her chest into her knees. She looked down at the sodden ground remorsefully, grimacing, as her crotch throbbed.

"I have time," the light figure said gently, coming to kneel in front of her at eye level. "But you have to let me see so I can help."

It reached out a bright hand and began to pull away at her skirts, which were tangled and wrapped around themselves around her. The bright and nimble hands worked quietly, making short work of the largest fold of the skirt which it then swept across Piper's legs in one large gathered bundle, revealing her purple, swollen crotch. All at once regretting this, Piper tried to turn and grab her skirts, swiveling at the waist and reaching for the many folds of fabric that comprised them in a panic. But the light figure leaned forward and softly but firmly took hold of her still-cuffed wrists with her gentle hands and held them securely mid-air. She dropped the fabric, letting the pleats fall one by one on top of each other to the floor in a neat dusty pile. Its strong thin fingers wrapped around her forearms and it led her gently back to a seated position before letting her go, saying only

"It's okay, I said it's okay, didn't I?"

The figure tried to look Piper in the face, but she turned away, using a free hand to feebly tug at her skirt which hung halfway across her knee. Ignoring her shame, the light figure cautiously raised the bulk of the skirt's material again, watching Piper's face as she did so for the sign that she might run. As she drew it across her legs to expose her genitals, she moved a free hand forward, anticipating the withdrawal and held Piper firmly in place by the waist as she squirmed. But instead, Piper leaned sideways into the light figure's hand, and it responded by pressing her hip into the ground even more firmly. Piper grabbed onto the fabric at the side of her skirt, pulling against it to combat the throbbing that was coming more quickly now. Round, regular little pulses made their way down her core like bubbles and the muscles of her thighs quivered and her legs tried to drag themselves outward with her feet sliding along pulling fabric taught beneath her. She felt the cool hand of the light figure touch her thigh and gently lower it to the ground, then two cool hands guided the other thigh to do the same. Piper dug her pelvis into the ground and moaned. Its gentle hands that were meant to help her were only arousing her more, making everything more painful. She leaned back, shuddering. 

Trying to breathe fresh air, she tilted her head backward and supported herself on either raw, scraped hand. Breathing in through her nose and out in a small directed stream while the light figure's hands made their way up to either side of her hips. In singular random spasms she jerked at odd desperate angles but the light figure's hands cupped either sides of her pelvis loosely and slowly applied pressure. Piper's arms gave way and she fell backward to the ground, her head landing in a nest of fabric. She saw soft static.  She was lost in the muffled sea of fabric and tethered by her hips in the light figure's hands. She let the urge in her move back and forth and back and forth again and again. Each time the impulse came to grind forward in pleasure she took it. Nothing was steady and Piper cut herself off mid-thrust into the light figure's hands only to thrust forward again midair, raising her ass off the ground. Again and again she pressed up into its hands, feeling the heels of its palms against bone as it pressed back against her, wrestling her back to the ground each time. She felt the light figure readjust in front of her to give more leverage to its arms. It waited patiently, laboring to keep Piper on the ground. Each time she pressed firmly against its hands the static in her vision grew darker for a minute and her heart felt lighter. 

But after some time of this, Piper's stomach began to shake, and she was drenched in sweat. She hadn't noticed the light figure needing less force to keep her down as she carried on. Seated on its heels now between her legs, its arms were almost relaxed as its hands rested on her quivering hips. Seeing its moment, the light figure slowly moved one hand away from her pelvis and up along the center line of her stomach, pressing gently with its cautious fingertips. Piper instinctively thrust upward with her hips, but the light figure moved knowingly out of the way, and its second hand anchored the other side of her pelvis securely to the ground. Undeterred it continued on, gently, taking the weight away from its fingers one by one to softly glance Piper's skin with its smooth filed nails. Piper shuddered as she felt the blood rush downward inside her and the light figure's nails brought a cool breeze that suddenly gave her goosebumps. She moved to touch herself, the sound of dragging chains accompanying Piper's hands to her crotch. They were weightless now, though, and as the light figure made its way through her ribs up to her chest, her heart raced. It began slowly pressing into her nipple as she brought her fingers to her genitals. Piper's fingers met the soft skin of herself and the light figure turned her nipple in her hand. Blackness crept into her vision from all sides and her mouth filled with spit. She moaned through closed lips, grimacing in a combination of pain and pleasure as the raw skin of her genitals sensed both. She shifted her fingers downward and she sunk into a sea of stars that pricked her softly all over with their many points. She sunk and sunk feeling so many hands rubbing back and forth against her body and holding her still at the same time. She thrust violently into her own hand, sinking herself faster, desperate to reach the bottom, more blackness in new layers came in opaque waves over her vision. She felt a warm wetness on herself and jerked faster, her eyes rolling back in a moan. Her mouth stuck in a grimace. Frustrated, she thrust so hardly she felt blood vessels break as she slammed the side of her hand against herself in a downward motion. Fat bruises swelled around her crotch. Tears began to well in her eyes. She closed them tightly, willing the light figure to leave, willing herself to come, willing her bruises to swell with blood until it gushed out of her in a desperate release no matter how painful. But none of those things happened.

The light figure took ahold of Piper's hand, below the leather belt, and raised it, dripping blood, to lie safely beside Piper's head. She held onto her wrist, keeping it there, as she paused for a moment. Tears flowed over Piper's face, wetting her hair and the dress cushioning her head. She turned, letting her hair fall down over her cheek to hide her face. Sobbing, Piper tried weekly to pull her hand away from the light figure. Unable to say anything to make it leave, but wanting desperately to be alone in her shame, Piper squirmed to get away. But she was distracted by the feeling of the light figure's hair against her body as it moved downward. Its hair came to rest on her stomach, and then with a sinking feeling, Piper felt a strong, warm, muscle against her. Her heart felt as if it were being squeezed and she fought against the hand holding her down with renewed force, but the light figure was too strong. She drove her hips side to side, a desperate squirm to free her genitals, but the light figure took her wholly into its mouth and Piper sank back. She bit her own tongue, letting her teeth exert their full unrestricted force and seek each other in the middle. She felt blood pour from her lips down her face and she gargled, struggling to catch a breath as the light figure moved its lips downward in a slow tight ring around her. As its wet, plump lips glided across her she jerked violently upward into its head, crying. The light figure released its hold on her hand and swiftly moved it to her throat, sitting up. 

Spitting out a mouthfull of blood, the light figure smiled at Piper,
"I told you, I've done this before", it said with a sly grin,

Then it clamped down on either side of her throat, pulling down into her body hard, and it brought a second hand to her crotch. Frictionless in blood, its fingertips traced a line back and forth against her pressing gently at the most swollen point. Piper grasped at its hand around her neck. She dug her nails into its flesh and drew them across it like an animal, mad. But the tension was building in her crotch and as the light figure massaged the blood across her she tensed her stomach and squeezed her thighs tight against its hand. But even through her knotted muscles the light figure moved up and down. Piper bared down on its hand, dragging it down to the ground, but it continued on in perfect tempo. Piper's head swirled and it felt as if the light figure were making her grow infinitely, swelling beyond her capacity. The light figure massaged her crotch like a ripe fruit and she sunk into its hand, willing it to be taken. Her limbs felt cold and weak and her thighs shook around the light figure's hand. Then, as if she were plunged right into the sea and space at once, the sound faded from Piper's ears and she felt wet, compressing warmth all around her. Piper tried to gasp but the light figure pressed down on her throat. Clawing at its hands with all her strength, she shook her head back and forth in a frenzy to free herself, but the mounting fields of darkness coming over her clouded her resolve and she thrust weekly into the light figure's massaging fingertips. Then she felt warmth rush over her, and warmth running over the light figure's hand. It pressed against her as she spasmed, holding her. She thrust into it in a biological rhythm she maintained even semi-conscious, gently. Piper felt the feeling drain from every neuron in small tingling pulses as her entire body grew limp. 

Epilogue

Piper regained consciousness on the dusty stone floor of the central room. It stank badly now, of despair and suffering. Yellow apple cores lay strewn about, attracting rats who didn't even bother to carry off their prize and ate fatly in the corners, watching. Thin streams of wine ran down from a bottle that lay smashed, turning the dust into red mud as it ran down to the grate in the center of the room. But Piper was not alone, and in the farthest corner of the room, she could just make out the tall silhouette of the Jester. Perched on his stool, slouching in the darkness, he muttered to himself indistinctly, 

"my girl, MY girl! I am the clever one! mm, ahh, yes! YES!" he yelled, coming to stand arms outstretched, then just as quickly "NO!" as he reached across his body to smash a half empty bottle of wine against the wall. He crouched back down on the stool,

"mastery of work! mm- mastery, mastery, mastery, mastery for his majesty, mastery for my majesty and I will be the majesty, aha!" he reached down to the floor, picking up the bottom of a broken bottle that still held wine. He brought its jagged rim to his lips and drank it all. Then, blood and wine running from the corners of his mouth he went on, renewed,

"master the work of play, I will! I will it! The play writes itself I say, and oh! Oh, oh," he trailed off, tears then welling in his eyes as he shook his head back and forth, the baubles of his limp hat swinging widely with him. "No no no, no no, oh no", he swayed side to side, his cries becoming a disgusting sob. Pathetically he went on, then protesting, he beat his head with his fists. 

"Not clever! You're not clever! Not clever enough! Not the clever one! Not the clever one, never the clever one, never clever--" anguished and flailing his arms about around him, swinging at the air, he changed course in a single decisive moment and drove a jagged point of the broken bottle he still held into his thigh. He grinned, wine spilling over the torn fabric of his pants. He raised his arm giddily, ready for another stab. But in his anxious anticipation, caught up in the thrill, his tight grip shattered the butt of the bottle in his hand. Shards of brown glass rained down on the Jester from above and he looked up into them. Time slowed as tiny glittering bits of glass mixed with the dust in the air and like glitter, landed on the Jester's damp face. His eyes shone as if a ray of light had penetrated the endless basements down to him. 

The Jester licked the wound in his palm slowly as he turned himself around on the stool. Small shards of glass caught in his tongue, little bits of pleasure. He lapped at the blood that ran from the side of his hand, indulging. And it was this way, tongue dripping and shining, longly extended down to his palm, that the Jester met Piper's eye. His lips curled as he lowered his hand and Piper recoiled. But just as quickly as she scampered backward across the room the Jester moved toward her in long rushing strides. He grabbed for a handful of hair and threw Piper to the side with a shriek. As she slid across the ground her dress and hair flew around her in a whirl. From his proud position, panting, the Jester removed his belt to reveal a long, thin whip. He shook it out into the air with a crack that made Piper's stomach tense then flood into her crotch. She hid herself in her hair. 

"I hope you know, my pious dear," the Jester began, waving the whip as if for a crowd,

"That I had this in mind long before the events of this afternoon transpired. Oh fret not, the greatest release has yet to happen! Glory be my dear!" 

The Jester, towering now over Piper, reached down to the ground and pulled back on the chains still attached to her wrists. Her arms came twisting out from the dress, revealing her hands fresh with blood. 

"Aha!" Said the Jester triumphantly, "A whore!"

The Jester laughed crazedly, tearing up as if it were a joke, "A whore!", he said shaking with laughter as he grinned, "A whore!", he doubled over, at a loss for breath, and slapped his leg, "A whore!", he knelt before Piper smiling widely with tears flowing from his giant eyes,

"Why didn't you just tell me you were a whore!"

And then rising again, his shadow enveloping her, the Joker pulled gently on Piper's chains to inch her hands out from beneath her dress. He let his tears flow as he looked upon them. Then, incredulously, he drew the whip and brought it down with a snap against Piper's palms. She instinctively jerked back but the Jester revealed her hands again pulling on the chain and cast the whip down on her fingers. Piper's hands curled into themselves, wincing, but the whip came down again at the base of her palms causing her fingers to flex back out and allowing the Jester to strike again squarely in the center of her hands. The biting whip felt like electrical wire, still charged, as the stinging radiated up her forearms. Piper bit into her lip, grimacing, as he struck again, and again a fifth time. Bent over her knees, palms outstretched, Piper let her crotch throb into her stomach as the Jester sliced her hands to ribbons, overlapping lash over lash. She climaxed several times, but never enough for the Jester to notice in his frenzy. Letting the warm fluid run over her legs as he brought the whip down again, her body convulsing each time. 
