---
title: 'Unfinished: Angel'
date: 2025-05-21T07:00:00.000Z
stack: content/stack/Things2Consider.md
images:
  - image: /uploads/ba82b40529c90890cca535e5ce02bb84.jpg
---

There once was an angel who was like all other angels in that once she came of age she would experience a fall. Except this was all she could say when it came to the similarities between herself and others. 

I will tell you her story, simply because I have to. But as lovely as an all-knowing narrator would be, I can only speak what our angel herself knows. I do get the occasional gut feeling of what may actually be going on, although I attribute this to the fact that it is our angel  who must be getting those gut feelings herself. So there you have it, I am quite limited in my ability to tell this story I fear, but allow us to continue, in light of this regrettable limitation.

We are not quite sure how our angel appears, outwardly, and artistic renditions made in the time following her death seem to vary greatly not in their literal form but in the character they convey; the expression, the eyes, the mouth, the wrinkles, the hair even. At times she is even mistaken for someone else, as I recall one incident where a portrait was mistakenly placed in the collection box of another angel by her same name. 

In this way she was almost similar to one of the objects in the World Sale. Those objects were turned over from generation to generation because they had the potential to hold memories. Simple things, a shaped stone, a drinking vessel, a tool, a small porcelain horse, a chess piece. Anyone could come to the World Sale and anyone was permitted to take an object for themselves if they felt so compelled-- this was, in fact, the goal. Those objects would have to be held, looked at, left in corners collecting dust, then wiped off and given a special place, stared at blankly, be picked up by a houseguest, be stolen and recovered, and be talked to. There was no need to document what was learned during this intimate period of living with the object because the object documented its memories itself, almost as if it had a brain (this is just my own theory, and in reality no-one is quite sure how objects hold memories-- perhaps it is just a trick of the mind, as some suggest). The World Sale and it's game of objects, though, is just that-- a game that one is free to play. At times it is found to be distracting and soothing, and at other times exhilarating, empowering, and full of discovery, and this is why so many chose to play. The objects make great partners in this game, too, as they taut their keepers with discovering their true and optimal use and position. Long ago a scholar postulated that there was, in fact, no magical aspect to this game (the objects did not, in fact, have brains, and they were able to prove this with some combination of the Large Hadron Collider feeding directly into a multidimensional refractile grating which projected the objects components into a serial bank of mass spectrometers-- or so they described in the news). All to say that the public's infatuation with this game was rooted in their need to describe and decipher the objects along with everything else in their lives-- a truly harsh criticism for most to accept. The scholar's work was quite popular and it made its way into movies, books, and universities, however, the game went on. There was no cure for the base need to describe and decipher, at least at that point in time. And the objects generated so much mass when taken home and lived with and spoken to, and that mass was comforting. To some it felt like a mass that existed inside of themselves before was allowed to be let out to breathe. Not all played the game in such an involved way, of course, but some did. 

But yes, our angel was similar to these objects. She herself read the scholar's work, in university, and of course it had been many years since it had first been published at that point and professors were familiar with how to present and discuss its ideas As she read it on her dormitory's porch after class, she began to sense she was stuck in that cycle of describing and deciphering just as he described. And the next week in class, as her classmates discussed the World Sale and its merits, she wondered evem more if there was any chance at one point an object were accidentally stuck inside of her? Perhaps she swallowed a special bead or marble as a child and would be forever stuck feeling for both herself and it? Likely not. But sometimes she thought about the possible marble in her stomach and how shiny it must have been when she swallowed it and how clouded and sticky it must be now and all of the bile that had flown past it and the little fold of her intestine where it could be comfortably rooted and how much of her life had been spent with a marble for company. 

Perhaps she was too scientific, or just had too much energy to think, but she wasn't sure how her other classmates took this so objectively, even chuckling as they thought of their mothers' World Sale jewelry or their own World Sale baseball gloves and dolls and endtable ornaments.

Allow us to return for a moment, though, to our angel at present. Because I described for you at the start of this story a fall that she would take once she came of age. This fall-- everyone had it, so they said. It came at a different age for everyone, and so "coming of age" was considered something that happened during a roughly defined period of years rather than at a set time. Other angels hid their slow loss of footing and accelerating slide down the loose rocks into hell. This was just how it happened, it was an inexplicable part of the process. There were occasionally spaces where this principle was lost, our angel had seen whispered exchanges in bathrooms or with hands covering mouths at the office, or between two seeming strangers on the street who have a short conversation behind their turned backs. For the longest time she was mystified by those exchanges, but she would later come to know them as liminal types of connections-- they were "do you have a lighter?" or "do you have a tampon?" or "you good?". Nobody truly said out loud that they were slipping. And this was a bit of a disappointment to our angel. And this very thing had been happening for centuries, in this specific way at least since angels like ours were afforded the extended comforts of living in heaven until adulthood rather than their gravity failing immediately upon their appearance no longer resembling that of fat babies. Our angel knew it was better this way, to have a proper time to experience what heaven has to offer. But the fall she dreaded so much. And she was so upset, she was properly distraught, thinking about how she would manage it. 

It was not although our angel was entirely alone, though. She may have been able to manage, or at least could set her mind to managing, had she not been pulled up out of the pot she was preparing to plant herself in by another person. At first she was shocked, and sat at the edge of her pot staring into the face of a young and beautiful angel. Or human. Or angel masquerading as a human. She never could exactly tell what people were. The person's face was enchanting, though, and she forgot all her preparations for falling, let her pot tip and let the dirt spill, and listened to the person talk and talk and became lost in their voice. One day, sitting on a lush patch of grass, the person's voice faded into the background and our angel wondered if distractions such as these were part of life she had not accounted for. Maybe listening to the neverending story the person told would distract her from the fall the rest of her life. But later that year, on the same patch of grass now full also of transparent fluffy dandelions and with an anthill being constructed under the cover of an unusually large blade of grass, our angel wondered if ever she might tell a story too. She wondered for the first time who this person was, and why she had been pulled from her pot. She had not been particularly happy, she had been planting herself while crying, in fact, but she had been minding her own business and it was in fact a bit rude to have disrupted her, she now thought. So she slowly stood, and the person stopped speaking for a moment, looking into her face now for the first time. She looked back, and appreciated for the last time the perfection of their eyes and their nose and their cheeks and their mouth as it hung silently open, just a bit. Their eyes shone but our angel walked away. Walked back to her pot, and sat on the edge of it to think. The fact that it had still been there at all was proof enough to her that this person's story, listening to them, and sitting in the meadow, had not been everything. She thought of the old saying she heard from a friend in primary school, about whether, if a tree falls in a forest where no-one is around, it makes any sort of sound. Her pot must have rolled and clattered and clinked, for she left it behind on a gravel road where the winds were strong and large tractors occasionally drove by. Surely no-one would have heard these sounds, but she saw the traces of the clattering around on the terra-cotta ceramic of the pot now. The body keeps the score, she thought, but only in that it is like an object. It is like her pot. There are things that happened to our angel as a child she doesn't even remember-- she has scarred knuckles and knees from the time she fell on a gravel road quite similar to this one, and she remembers that, but there are also small scares on her hands and her back and her legs and she does not remember where those came from. And because of this she knows there are things her body remembers that she does not. Maybe some things were beyond her scope to register-- events happening outside the visible light spectrum, or at least that of a child. And just as she thought now about her pot and what the world must have looked like for it during the time she spent with the other person, she wondered about herself and what must have happened to her, too. This was one thing the angel wished to discuss with someone else-- the amnesia, and the retroactive realizations that something had been happening of which she was unaware. 

This angel longed for a friend to talk to about these things. Sitting on the lip of her pot for hours and days she wondered if she was perhaps stupid. There had been a person, the one with the lovely face and the neverending story. She should have tried to speak with them, ask them where they came from and who they were and why they were not falling and how. But they just spoke and spoke and it seemed like the only thing to do was listen, and she had been happy with that. So was she wrong, was she not meant to just listen? Or was she meant to be content with the story and the meadow? But ultimately she resigned herself to the truth that she had no idea who the person had been or what their purpose was in pulling her from her pot and because of this she was uncertain of what she could and could not do. Maybe the pulling and the storytelling was a part of the world, of life, that she would never understand. And she fretted over these thoughts for quite awhile. She wanted to resign herself to leaving that part of the world out, to continuing with her precautions and inevitable falling and she would just have to wait and see what happened after that but she could trust that it would all happen and she just needed to keep her wits about her. Ultimately this feeling could be summed up in that she felt as though she could manage, just, if all she had to do was focus on herself. 

But oh, our poor angel, it was not so easy. This was the case: she was on a quest, a quest to find someone who saw the world in the same way she did, who saw the fact that they were all sliding down and was not in shock but was also appropriately alarmed, as she felt she was. It seemed to her that this might not be the same criteria others used to make friends and form relationships. Of course not all of her friendships would be able to be founded on this, but our angel, before long, became disinterested in any other type of relationship. She believed, as well, that thinking in this way would prevent future pot-pullers and lovely eyed people from infatuating her and causing her to lose time. 

She did have one friend, an angel masquerading as a human, who saw things as they were. This friend never outright said that she saw things, of course, but she alluded to it in the things she said or how she acted. She said, once, she felt similar to our angel in a way. At first our angel was surprised by this, not only because it was a fairly bold thing to say, a thing most people usually wouldn't venture to say, but also because our angel had had the same thought already herself. They were both aware of the well-established superstition surrounding naming, and while they didn't share the same name (which would have been awkward, scary, tense) they had adjacent names. Like two primary school children with names one after another in the alphabet. Line partners. It seemed to our angel that they had once had similar feelings, perhaps during their formative years, but had followed slightly different paths. Despite this, they were still

Trust

Since heaven and hell and humanity exist all now on the same physical plane, there were humans to talk to in addition to the angels. And other angels masquerading as humans in desperate attempts to prolong their fates. There were all lovely people to talk to and great companions could be made from them but it was a tricky business. 

And every time our angel thought she was standing still while shooting the breeze with others she would look down to realize she was a full inch further down the slope. 

It was worth it, though, because she did not know how to make sense of what was happening and sometimes she would meet others who had slid or were sliding too and those encounters made the angel feel a bit less afraid. Because those people were okay. And didn't seem to mind sharing a bit about how it happened and how it felt. 

And sometimes there were witty humans, or the angels masquerading as humans, who shared tips for how to scamper back up a few rocks or improve ones mental orientation toward hell. 

One day, after many months of fearful sliding, the angel realized something, though-- that she was no longer moving. She certainly felt like she was, the sky was drifting by and she could feel the drop itself in her stomach and she felt very unsteady. But there were no rocks beneath her feet, only flat and hard packed dirt. She felt as though she were strapped to the front of a train, but everything was silent. No echoing lose pebbles or rustling gravel. Even the wind she felt had no sound. She felt like she needed to open her mouth to scream or sprint to throw herself off the cliff she knew she stood on the edge of but at that exact moment she also knew there was no point in doing anything besides stay right where she was. She had stopped falling at some point and now that she had seen it there was no point in petulent protest. 

She waited. 

She sat down.

She took a deep breath. 

And for a second she thought everything stopped moving. 

But then it started up again.

She felt the rush of vertigo like she had been yanked back at the end of a bungee jump. If only she could actually feel that. It felt like she imagined that might feel, let's say. 

The angel sat for quite a bit longer. Staring at her feet waiting for a confirmation of what was going on.

Then, after a bit of time had passed, the angel realized that in reality nothing had changed. She still felt as though she was falling in the exact way she did when she had actually been falling. And she still wished she had someone to talk to, perhaps now more than ever. She didn't know how long she had been falling and slipping and sliding in reality, but now her interactions with the humans and the angels masquerading as humans and those suffering out their punishments in hell would be the same as before because she felt the same. Her best hope would be that their witty phrases and pet rocks would somehow hold new meaning to her now that she knew the truth. Perhaps those pet rocks were always meant for someone who knew they were not actually falling to hold them. 

And perhaps one day she would learn why she felt like she was falling although she was on solid ground. Perhaps there was some deeper acceptance of her fate she would come to learn, and that would stabilize her immediate environment. 

All of those things were true, in the end. However, not in the way our angel had expected. 

In reality, the angel had forgotten to consider one important thing that would prevent her from seeing her fate-- where she had landed. 

Our poor angel was, regrettably, in hell.

Around her angels freshly grown out of their adolescence stumbled around, nude. They practically poured out from the hillside in a crush. Beside the hill was a dusty field where the angels disentangled themselves, and beyond that, a field of aphosels were just beginning to bloom and their thick stalks cracked as they were clumsily thrust aside. They cried out, all of them. Our angel remembers no sound at all from her own fall and stumble, though, and exposing her to that now would certainly bring tears to her eyes. 

Each sin, they will come to learn, is punished in real time-- an eternity of suffering in the manner befitting. Just as the lustful are forever caught in the winds for Dante are they here, but it is called by other names. The psychological toll of being unable to experience love from one who wishes to give it, the forced restraint when faced with literal death, the shame of a bad habit, empathy for someone who has hurt you, silence in self sabotage.

But, of course, God has died. And upon arriving on this cursed plane everyone will receive a small piece of him. It is the only outside resource that will be given for certain, although whether it is of benefit is pointless to even consider. It has been stuck inside of you. And that piece of god, it has been said, grants powers and perceptions.
